atc: behaviour: emit tasks waiting prometheus metric (#5448)
concourse/concourse: release-notes/latest.md

#### <sub><sup><a name="5410" href="#5410">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

* We've moved the "pin comment" field in the Resource view to the top of the page (next to the currently pinned version). The comment can be edited inline.

#### <sub><sup><a name="5057" href="#5057">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature
 

>  * @HannesHasselbring and @tenjaa added a prometheus metric of the amount of tasks that are currently waiting to be scheduled when using the `limit-active-tasks` placement strategy

Reviewer: Always nice to link the PR that provided the change! Also I think this should work with all the metrics emitters, not that I've exhaustively tested.
```suggestion
 * @HannesHasselbring and @tenjaa added a metric for the amount of tasks that are currently waiting to be scheduled when using the `limit-active-tasks` placement strategy. #5448
```
